godot/todo.md, before:

## TODO

Processus d'import des assets 3D
- changer le root scale
- décocher animation
- mettre le bon import script
- clicker reimport
- faire un new inherited scene de gameobject.tscn
- rajouter le fbx en enfant du root node
- editable children sur le fbx
- générer des collisions shapes en cliquant sur les mesh
- ajuster les collisions shapes à la main


Choses à faire en priorité

- scale jauge
	- mettre un UI de la jauge
- faire un export web et le mettre sur itch

Choses pour plus tard

- bloquer le zoom in/out à une certaine profondeur
- mettre un bouton pour faire tourner la caméra autour de l'objet sélectionné
- maybe update the heightlabel when the game is launcherz
	-> currently, 1 second is elapsed before the first update
	-> problem is if we use _detect_current_max_height at launched,
	main.gd has not connected the signal yet to change the heighlabel on the billboard
- pause menu
- end menu
- main menu
- improve worldEnvironment and polish
- center camera on selected object (done for now, object is moving and not the camera)
- improve object rotation
- mode avec predefined object (like a puzzle level)
- mettre des limites au zoom/dezoom
- mettre des limites pour qu'on puisse pas bouger la caméra à l'infini



### Basic level
- basic lighting and environment
- basic plane for floor
- basic objects to prototype: cube, sphere, ...

### Core mechanics
- free roaming camera
- selecting object : hold select input
	- inputs to rotate XYZ the object and scale the object
- make sure collision between objects is ok
- detect a given height

### Other
- outline shader (when hovering object)

Commit message:

change mass of object when scaling

godot/todo.md, after:

## TODO

Processus d'import des assets 3D
- changer le root scale
- décocher animation
- mettre le bon import script
- clicker reimport
- faire un new inherited scene de gameobject.tscn
- rajouter le fbx en enfant du root node
- editable children sur le fbx
- générer des collisions shapes en cliquant sur les mesh
- ajuster les collisions shapes à la main


### Choses à faire en priorité
- faire un export web et le mettre sur itch


### Choses pour plus tard
- bloquer le zoom in/out à une certaine profondeur
- mettre un bouton pour faire tourner la caméra autour de l'objet sélectionné
- maybe update the heightlabel when the game is launcherz
	-> currently, 1 second is elapsed before the first update
	-> problem is if we use _detect_current_max_height at launched,
	main.gd has not connected the signal yet to change the heighlabel on the billboard
- pause menu
- end menu
- main menu
- improve worldEnvironment and polish
- center camera on selected object (done for now, object is moving and not the camera)
- improve object rotation
- mode avec predefined object (like a puzzle level)
- mettre des limites au zoom/dezoom
- mettre des limites pour qu'on puisse pas bouger la caméra à l'infini
- add a feedback to project the drop in place of the selected object



### Basic level
- basic lighting and environment
- basic plane for floor
- basic objects to prototype: cube, sphere, ...

### Core mechanics
- free roaming camera
- selecting object : hold select input
	- inputs to rotate XYZ the object and scale the object
- make sure collision between objects is ok
- detect a given height

### Other
- outline shader (when hovering object)
